An introduction to 2 John.
John wrote his second letter along with his other two letters about 98 CE.
At the time he was likely in or near Ephesus and he may have been up to 100 years of age.
John introduces his letter with the words,
the older man to the chosen lady and to her children.
Some think that the chosen lady may have been a Christian congregation or a spiritual sister named Curia,
which is Greek for lady.
Many points in John's second letter summarize thoughts from his first letter.
For example, John again mentions the need for Christ's followers to love one another.
He also states,
this is what love means that we go on walking according to God's commandments.
The Apostle then warns that many deceivers have gone out into the world.
These anti-Christs claim that the Christ did not come in the flesh.
Did you know?
At 2 John 10 and 11,
John adds to the instruction in his first letter concerning anyone who pushes ahead of Christ's teaching.
John states,
do not receive him into your homes or say a greeting to him.
John's second letter glows with his love for his anointed brothers.
He wants them to obtain a full reward,
which includes the privilege of ruling with Christ in his kingdom.
As you read 2 John,
note how the elderly Apostle expressed love for his brothers,
how he desired that they go on walking according to God's commandments,
and how those who stand firm against apostasy will have the privilege of inheriting God's kingdom.